>> Kyle Simpson: Speaking of classes,
let's talk about the class
keyword added in ES6.
And I'm gonna use our running example
that we've been talking about
to try to help illustrate a little bit
what the class keyword is gonna give us.
Here's making class foo
as a replacement for
that whole thing that we were
just doing with our prototypes.
So we have a class foo that gets
a constructor function of sorts,
and we have an identify method that's
gonna be available on the class prototype.
And we can still do a1 = new Foo,
if you squint it sure looks
like a class system doesn't it?
I mean, they definitely improved
the syntax compared to what were just
doing with all the .prototype
crap that we had to do.
This is extremely attractive
to JavaScript developers.
I don't think I've seen
anything in JavaScript get so
much excitement, as when they said I
wanna do classes, I've been doing it with
prototypes all along and it sucked,
and now you give me this syntax.
People are flocking in droves to it.
There's a couple of
things I wanna point out.
First, it is definitely true
that the syntax is nicer, but
it is mostly just syntactic sugar.
It really is kind of some duct tape,
or to borrow another metaphor,
it really is kinda some lipstick on a pig,
because this is not a brand new system.
This is still the prototypes
underneath the covers.
It's still bound by all
the exact same rules, and
we're gonna have a lot
of the same limitations.
Just the syntax goes a long way to
making it so that's not obvious.
Now, some people prefer to
have problems not be obvious.
I on the other hand prefer for
problems to be super obvious so
that I can deal with them.
So, the syntax that we've created
here hides a bunch of problems
until you run into them, and then you're
like, my God, where did that come from?
I have tried to use classes
to model certain things, and
I run into these problems.
The major takeaway is that
classes are designed to
essentially codify the static
nature of inheritance,
as opposed to the dynamic
nature of the prototype system.
They're designed to sort of pretend
that there's a copying going on,
because that's the way that
classes worked in Java and C++.
But what that really does
is throw away most of the power
of the system that underlies it.
All that capability that we use
to have to take a function and
use it against a different object,
and all that dynanicism and stuff,
it mostly just falls apart when you
opt into this class way of thinking.
So it's kind of an all or
nothing approach, and
I'm not a big fan of all or
nothing approaches.
No question this code is nicer than
what we had before, if you start with
the presupposition that you have to
use classes to design your software.
No question that inheritance
such as it is looks nicer.
I just get this extends keywords so I can
make a child Bar that extends Foo, and
all I have to define is the new overridden
method, and I can call this.identify and
it automatically goes up
the prototype chain, that's cool.
>> Kyle Simpson: There's no question
that that's a lot nicer syntax.
>> Kyle Simpson: We even
have a super keyword now.
You even have the ability to
explicitly go up the prototype chain
with a super keyword.
That fixed one of the major frustrations
of prototype oriented code,
is that now we actually have a way
instead of saying this.__proto__ or
any of that other crap,
now we have a super keyword.
See you might feel like,
well super, that's pretty super,
it fixed one of the big pain points.
>> Speaker 2: Does that
a help with shadowing?
>> Kyle Simpson: It allows
you to do shadowing.
You notice that I made an identify here
that's shadowed on the prototype chain,
and yet the super still works.
This is an amazing amount of duct tape
that they put in to make it work.
They didn't change the system, they just
put in a ton of duct tape to make it work.
And as long as you're okay with duct tape,
cool.
But there are problems with
the super keyword, and
you will expose those problems if you
try to color outside of the lines.
If you try to do anything remotely
dynamic with your class structure,
everything will start to fall apart.
So my caution to you is, if you're gonna
pick the classes as the way to go,
you just sort of use them and
don't think about how they work.
And, you don't try to push any edges or
do anything sophisticated with them,
cuz they're designed to keep
you very much within the lines,
and they're really good at that.
So I'll give credit where it's due,
it did a really good job of designing for
one very specific mindset.
Just happens to not be the mindset
that I approach JavaScript with.
>> Kyle Simpson: Another set of things
that they added which actually is not
something that's just syntactic sugar,
these are things that did not exist prior.
So when people claim classes are just
syntax sugar, that's not fully true.
There are some extra things
that you could not do before,
that you can now do with classes,
one of them is static methods.
When you declare something as static,
it actually adds it to the class
instead of to the instance.
And that means that the classes themselves
have an inheritance between them.
You notice that I can say Bar.hello even
though it's only Foo that has a hello.
So the classes themselves have
an inheritance, not just the instances.
That is entirely different from anything
we ever did in JavaScript before.
We never had a Bar that delegated to Foo,
that's not even possible pre ES6.
So, that's not just syntax sugar,
that's a whole different mechanism
that they just kind of snuck in there.
>> Kyle Simpson: I guess it's cool,
but it's not just syntax sugar.